N1C certificates UI. Include screenshot. (#259)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/how-to/nginx-configs/add-file.md

You now have multiple options, described in the sections which follow.

> {{< img src="nginx-one/images/add-file-to-config.png" alt="Add/upload a new configuration, SSL, or other file" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="nginx-one/images/add-file-to-config.png" alt="A modal window to edit configuration, with a 'New Configuration File' option selected." >}}
```

> {{< img src="nginx-one/images/add-file-to-config.png" alt="A modal window to edit configuration, with a 'New Configuration File' option selected." >}}

Reviewer 2: Can this be a bulleted list of the options instead of a screenshot?
